# Notes 06/06/2022
Meeting with Kim

Brendon's Notes: [https://hyland.atlassian.net/l/c/edRb0H90](https://hyland.atlassian.net/l/c/edRb0H90)

## Joseph's Notes
Here are my notes

### Starting points
Thank you for taking the time to meet with us – I think we have a decent plan to make this idea into a reality.

Combination of intern work (high school students) and full-fledged developer work (myself, other Hyland employees)
-	Architected and designed by professionals
-	May not be complete by the end of the summer, but we can continue development

We would love to use this time for requirements gathering 

We want to focus on an MVP (minimum viable product) – which features are ABSOLUTELY ESSENTIAL?

### Questions
-	Is there a data source for locations? **Some scattered sources, Kim is putting a spreadsheet together**
-	Idea: let anyone submit changing stations, subject to approval by an admin? **Sounds good**
-	Let anyone upload pictures? Or only logged-in user? **Logged-in user**
-	Is a web app okay? Mobile-first? **Web app is good, could potentially create an app shell for app store**

### Finding Data
- Changing spaces group made a list – may not have every changing table – it’s the one they came up with
- Rely on users to submit
-	Childrens hospitals could have them
-	Departments of transportation
- Interns could research this

### Info for each table
- What kind of restroom it’s in? mens, womens, family, non-restroom
- Hours of access – if it’s in a place that closes
- Report broken/closed/under construction
- Comments
- Other type – portable
- Height adjustable vs fixed – must be able to distinguish
- Contact info – if you want to call in advance
- Available for public use, or patrons only
- Pictures are essential

### UX
- Like the setup of Yelp – 1,2,3,4,5,6,7 shown on map, then listed (by proximity)
- Changing places – org in England that inspired volunteer group – they have their own website/map
  -	Funded by their government

### Nice-to-Have
- Get directions button
- Plan a road trip – put in current location, end point, map between

### Availability
- Kim says between 12:30-2:30 is a good time
- There are other active advocates in the US in PA, WI, GA, TN, IA
